systemctl list-unit-files --type=service
On appele ca des daemon
UNIT FILE                                  STATE    
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled  
alsa-restore.service                       static   
alsa-state.service                         static   
alsa-utils.service                         masked   
anacron.service                            enabled  
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static   
apt-daily.service                          static   
autovt@.service                            enabled  
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled  
bluetooth.service                          enabled  
bootlogd.service                           masked   
bootlogs.service                           masked   
bootmisc.service                           masked   
checkfs.service                            masked   
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked   
checkroot.service                          masked   
colord.service                             static   
configure-printer@.service                 static   
console-getty.service                      disabled 
console-setup.service                      enabled  
container-getty@.service                   static   
cron.service                               enabled  
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked   
cryptdisks.service                         masked   
cups-browsed.service                       enabled  
cups.service                               enabled  
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service      disabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      disabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static   
dbus.service                               static   
debug-shell.service                        disabled 
display-manager.service                    static   
emergency.service                          static   
fuse.service                               masked   
gdm.service                                static   
gdm3.service                               static   
geoclue.service                            static   
getty-static.service                       static   
getty@.service                             enabled  
halt.service                               masked   
hostname.service                           masked   
hwclock.service                            masked   
ifup@.service                              static   
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static   
initrd-cleanup.service                     static   
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static   
initrd-switch-root.service                 static   
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static   
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled  
killprocs.service                          masked   
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static   
kmod.service                               static   
minissdpd.service                          enabled  
ModemManager.service                       enabled  
module-init-tools.service                  static   
motd.service                               masked   
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked   
mountall.service                           masked   
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked   
mountkernfs.service                        masked   
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked   
mountnfs.service                           masked   
network-manager.service                    enabled  
networking.service                         enabled  
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled  
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled  
NetworkManager.service                     enabled  
packagekit-offline-update.service          static   
packagekit.service                         static   
polkit.service                             static   
pppd-dns.service                           enabled  
procps.service                             static   
quotaon.service                            static   
rc-local.service                           static   
rc.local.service                           static   
rc.service                                 masked   
rcS.service                                masked   
realmd.service                             static   
reboot.service                             masked   
rescue.service                             static   
rmnologin.service                          masked   
rsync.service                              enabled  
rsyslog.service                            enabled  
rtkit-daemon.service                       enabled  
saned.service                              masked   
saned@.service                             indirect 
sendsigs.service                           masked   
serial-getty@.service                      disabled 
single.service                             masked   
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated
ssh.service                                enabled  
ssh@.service                               static   
sshd.service                               enabled  
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked   
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked   
sudo.service                               disabled 
syslog.service                             enabled  
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static   
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static   
systemd-backlight@.service                 static   
systemd-binfmt.service                     static   
systemd-exit.service                       static   
systemd-fsck-root.service                  static   
systemd-fsck@.service                      static   
systemd-fsckd.service                      static   
systemd-halt.service                       static   
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static   
systemd-hibernate.service                  static   
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static   
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static   
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static   
systemd-initctl.service                    static   
systemd-journal-flush.service              static   
systemd-journald.service                   static   
systemd-kexec.service                      static   
systemd-localed.service                    static   
systemd-logind.service                     static   
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static   
systemd-modules-load.service               static   
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled 
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled 
systemd-poweroff.service                   static   
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static   
systemd-random-seed.service                static   
systemd-reboot.service                     static   
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static   
systemd-resolved.service                   disabled 
systemd-rfkill.service                     static   
systemd-suspend.service                    static   
systemd-sysctl.service                     static   
systemd-timedated.service                  static   
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static   
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static   
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static   
systemd-udev-settle.service                static   
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static   
systemd-udevd.service                      static   
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static   
systemd-update-utmp.service                static   
systemd-user-sessions.service              static   
udev.service                               static   
udisks2.service                            disabled 
umountfs.service                           masked   
umountnfs.service                          masked   
umountroot.service                         masked   
unattended-upgrades.service                enabled  
upower.service                             disabled 
urandom.service                            static   
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static   
usbmuxd.service                            static   
user@.service                              static   
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static   
wpa_supplicant.service                     disabled 
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled 
x11-common.service                         masked   

163 unit files listed.
